today's candy spa we're having a look at
the Nestle KitKat ug matcha latte kit
kats perhaps it is bougie matcha or ug
matcha so I certainly apologize I'm
essentially a white guy that's trying to
decipher this for you this is a Japanese
exclusive KitKat indicating on the top
there apparently is 39 calories per the
per Kit Kats inside is that one serving
is 39 calories perhaps these almost look
like a mint arrow which are also
delicious candy but a spot picks up the
package they just dropped ice I assume
it's just a latte that you can buy I
don't really drink lattes or anything
like that
a green latte would be kind of
interesting for like a st. Patty's Day
but you get also get seven bars if spot
hasn't already indicated to you I picked
this up from corner store Japan so if
you guys are interested in trying the
Muji matcha ug matcha latte kit kats
definitely click the link down below and
you can check out some of the things
that corner store Japan has available
they always got new items you know on a
daily basis so check that out on the
back none of which I can really decipher
other than have a break have a kit kat
give me a break
give me a break break me off a piece of
that Kit Kat bar give me a break give me
a break break me off a piece of that Kit
Kat bar a chocolate crispy taste is
gonna make your day and wherever you go
you hear the people say give me break
give me a break
break me off a piece of that break me
off a piece of that break me off a piece
of that Kit Kat bar
there's the Kit Kats individually
portioned out for anybody out there that
is interested in it you can give these
out to your friends and you don't have
to worry that any hands or fingers dirty
fingers will be touching the bar
as they all are individually wrapped
that's the worst that is the worst I
used to have a there was a kid in my
school and he said just like he had like
licorice and he'd open up the bag of
licorice and he'd be like licking his
fingers and then he'd say hey guys you
wanna try some licorice I'd be like sure
and instead of handing over the bag
instead of going like this where you
could pull your own licorice out he'd
pull the licorice out and give it to you
really and then you go like hey guys
want some licorice finally we were just
like no thanks whatever you're offering
we're just no just stop right there
just stop right there finger licker
we're just not gonna off we don't want
any of your licorice if you are a finger
licker
stop stop the madness just keep the food
to yourself we don't want any where were
we oh right the Kit Kats anyways let's
open these up Kit Kats on the top nice -
chocolate bottom - it looks quite
delicious does it not that would be a
nice color for a wall if I work for a
paint store needs to know something work
for a paint store if I work for paints
where I could tell you what color that
is but that would be a nice color for a
living room or kitchen or kitchen
anyways let's give this a try
you japanese-exclusive puja matcha latte
kit kats let's give these a try
very weird not weird bad though
weird interesting it tastes like almost
like um and I probably am probably
probably right when I say this it kind
of tastes like a green I think there's
like green tea ice cream if I'm not
mistaken you can finally find it usually
like sushi places and whatnot
it kind of tastes like that it's very
it's creamy it's good it's very very
creamy and it has that kind of green I
want to say green tea but it has a very
if I had my friend here who visits the
sushi locales they could probably
describe it a lot better than I could
but it has a very pretty sure there's
got green tea ice cream it kind of has
that flavor to it it's very nice
actually it's very subtle
it's not super sweet and it's very rude
it's got a very smooth richness to it
it's very nice though it's very nice now
you'll notice that I've got it currently
my finger it's gonna be melting I'm
gonna probably clean my fingers off
afterwards but the last thing I'm gonna
do is start licking my fingers and then
offer somebody loose candy Spock does
not roll at all with finger liqueurs let
that be a lesson to everybody out there
don't lick your food and then offer some
to somebody else nobody's gonna want
them but anyways today's candy spot
we're ever look at the Nestle KitKat
japanese-exclusive ug matcha latte Kit
Kats thanks for watching you always do
guys see you next time
busy yells no back dedication it's more
than that baby
that's a free agent that he is making
from experience areas you're curious of
what his appearance in Syria yet he
makes it fun to watch a lot of reviewers
are delirious while some get robbed when
the demand is hot spots not a man to fly
he respects the fancy watch women that's
the next random spot the spot army is
now taking over this is our spot sitting
on top the spot army is now taking over
I'll bet you're confused check the
reviews the spot army is now taking over
this is our spot sittin on top this walk
you